README.md, before:

# Tmdb

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Updated README.md with more details about running the app

README.md, after:

# Prerequisites
[Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.0.3.  
  
 If other version is installed, you can create a temporary project with Angular 8 and use this local setup from folder 'my-project'':   
`npx -p @angular/cli@8 ng new my-project`

# Download and run
1) Download the project as ZIP
2) Unzip tmdb-master.zip
3) Go to the root project by running 'cd tmdb-master'  
`Bogdans-MacBook-Pro:test bogdan$ cd tmdb-master`
4) Make sure Angular version 8 is used by running 'ng --version'  
`Bogdans-MacBook-Pro:tmdb-master bogdan$ ng --version`  
Angular CLI: 8.0.3
Node: 10.16.0
OS: darwin x64
Angular: 8.0.2
4) Install all dependencies by running 'npm install'  
`Bogdans-MacBook-Pro:tmdb-master bogdan$ npm install`
5) Run the project in a dev server by running 'ng serve' or use the --port switch if already taken by running 'ng serve --port=4201'  
`Bogdans-MacBook-Pro:tmdb-master bogdan$ ng serve`
# Tmdb

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.
Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
